okay in this video we're just gonna show
you how to use the BBC iPlayer app on
your iPhone okay I'm making this video
on an iPhone 4s it'll be fairly similar
on order models of iPhone and indeed on
Android phones okay so the first thing
you want to do is go to your App Store
okay so what you want to do is search
for BB C okay so the first thing that
comes up is the BBC iPlayer just click
into it there
and first one that comes up here is this
one here and it's the BBC iPlayer of
global previously use and be able to
connect to the BBC iPlayer in Ireland
and it was regional restricted based on
your IP so if you didn't have an IP
address and in the UK you couldn't
access it but I've introduced this
global Edition which and gives you
access somewhat limited but you know
there are certain amount of shows that
you can access using it okay
so we're just going to install it there
now and it just takes a few moments load
up and just have to agree to this that
you're over 17 press ok and it'll just
take a few moments to install now okay
now the interesting thing about the
iPlayer is our the BBC iPlayer is that I
am the content on it isn't it's a bit
restricted really and compared to the
likes are four or D or maybe the RTE
player where you can pretty much view
everything on the BBC iPlayer app and a
lot of content is restricted by
subscription ie you have to pay a
certain fee every month and to access it
but there are certain amount of shows
that are available for free and you know
it might be handy for some people some
especially talk shows documentaries
things like that are usually available
for free but there are certain things
you know that people might think might
be free for instance like EastEnders
which aren't and you have to subscribe
to see it okay so it's installed there
now you can see the BBC iPlayer app is
installed so I'm just going to press
into it there now okay
so just take a few moments load up and
you know it's just going to give me a
welcome message so the first thing
you're going to do is just say view the
free shows okay so I'm just going to
scroll across here slowly and you can
see the type of ones that are available
for free now I previously said to
EastEnders wasn't available for free and
that's correct this is just like a
special documentary episode behind the
scene something like that but the actual
TV show itself isn't free okay so you
can see here the type of free shows that
are available to you mainly
documentaries ChaCha's things like that
okay so that's fine and what you'll see
is generally if it's available for free
you'll have this little free symbol in
the top right hand corner okay of the
tome nail okay but you can film see what
you're seeing there now is you're seeing
the free shows and you're also seeing
trailers but you can just if you just go
filter by episode you'll just see shows
that are available and then you can
scroll across and you can watch them and
things like that okay so just to watch a
show for instance let's say the blue
planet and BBC you know yourselves BBC
are just famous under brilliant for
nature documentaries so that's basically
it so you just click in there now and
you just get this little BBC iPlayer
logo and it's just going to load up
there now in a second you can see it
there now it was just buffering so dare
it's starting now I just turn the phone
around there babe
so that's basically and just to stop
then all you have to do is press the
screen and hit the back button okay now
what you'll see is periodically it'll
give you this message and subscribe now
for $6.99 a month now that place may
change over time or indeed in the future
maybe everything will be free who knows
but just currently and talking in May
2012 this is to sort a message you'll
get periodically but all you have to do
is just a few free free TV shows okay
now if you wanted to watch something
else for instance you can just go to
home now you can search by genre or just
in means you know the very latest shows
things like that or popular or whatever
but if it doesn't have that freed and
the free symbol in the top right hand
corner you're going to have to subscribe
okay so just as an example um let's say
no yeah the perfect example EastEnders
to be fairly popular so you can see all
the spec time all the old episodes there
okay so you can see just one there
that's there for free that's probably
like a special documentary or something
like that so if I just click into a
standard one and press the play button
you can see you have to subscribe to it
so you won't be able to a few without
paying okay so that's what I mean that
it's sort of limited compared to other
things like the arty player and four or
D so I mean obviously if you're willing
to pay the money you know you can watch
it but um you know just as a free
catch-up sort of thing it's not too bad
okay so I can go back here to view free
TV shows and then you know I can just go
through and pick what I want to do so
that's basically and just to get out
with that you just press your home
button and you're back to your normal
menu and that's basically it how you use
your the BBC iPlayer on your iPhone